There we have it.
We went over a professional python developer setup.
Now you must be asking yourself.
There's so many things I want to do.
I want to optimize my code editors my terminal to have a certain look and feel.
I want to have different extensions.
There's so many extensions and plug ins that you can take but the beauty is that what you want and what
you like evolves over time and you'll have to customize your terminal or command prompt to different
ways different color schemes having different tools available to you you might prefer the lightness
of code editors and keep things simple without having all that weight of something like an idea pie
chart.
That takes a bit of time to get used to.
That's why I personally like Sublime Text nice really lightweight.
And whenever I need a plug in our extension I can install it and just use that or you might prefer using
Jupiter notebooks because it's a really great way to stay organized take notes and also run your small
little code snippets multiple code snippets in different cells what you pick is up to you.
My job was to show you the tools that are available and the tools that are being used by professional
developers.
But everybody's different.
There's no right way no right tool that is better than all the rest.
So what I recommend is have your terminal or command prompt or partial set up properly to your liking
and make sure that you get Jupiter notebooks.
But when it comes to code editors or ideas just pick one one that you like maybe even try Spider if
you want and stick with that because as you spend more time coding in one environment you'll get better
and better and more used to it.
So as a final anglicized for this section pick one of these code editors or ideas and customize it to
your liking.
Make it just right.
And once you do that trust me it's like every time you code you enter your home with all your favorite
tools for insurers and things.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.